=head1 NAME

imail2vpopmail.pl - migrate from IMail Server to qmail/vpopmail

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    # imail2vpopmail.pl > imail2vpopmail.sh
    OR
    # imail2vpopmail.pl singledomain-to-process.com > imail2vpopmail.sh

    And then:
    # ./imail2vpopmail.sh

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This script takes a windows registry key export (in plain text) and creates a shell script to run vpopmail commands for importing the appropriate domain data, user information, forward, aliases, address book files, and user mailboxes.

This script does NOT currently handle:
  -Converting imail's "catch all" addresses (alias of "nobody")
  -Creating vacation messages for anyone using it on the imail side

This script was developed quickly and through many iterations to meet the needs of a dynamic conversion process.  It may well not exemplify best practices, and is not intended to be an out of the box solution for every imail to vpopmail conversion.  You may have to modify it extensively for your setup.  It may not work at all for you. It might delete everything from your system and make you cry.  Use at your own risk.

=head1 REQUIREMENTS

Perl

The L<Crypt::Imail> Perl module

The "dosunix" command line tool

The "mb2md" command line tool

Existing vpopmail installation

Clone of your imail directory hierarchy

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; anyone can use, redistribute, and/or
modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation (either version 2 of the
License, or at your option, any later version) so long as this notice
and the copyright information above remain intact and unchanged.
Selling this code in any form for any reason is expressly forbidden.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this software; if not, write to
	Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330,
	Boston, MA  02111-1307 USA
You may also find the license at:
 	http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Hardie <chris@summersault.com>

Originally developed for and sponsored by Parallax Systems, http://www.parallax.ws/

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<IMail|http://www.imailserver.com/>

L<vpopmail|http://www.inter7.com/index.php?page=vpopmail>

=cut